the yew tree system was designed to
mount and integrate virtually any mobile
device and its accessories seamlessly
into virtually any vehicle it features a
compressible base a flexible arm in a
unique bracket system that works like
your hand so it's customizable to fit
just about any shape the patented
compressible wedge is non-permanent
blend seamlessly into all sorts of
spaces and won't damage your car's
interior this allows you to mount in
more convenient ergonomic spaces between
seeds and cup holders console pockets
and more
it doesn't use any suction cups
adhesives or permanent hardware there is
absolutely nothing to attach your device
for your car the ultra sleek
space-saving design can be infinitely
shaped and configured to match virtually
any device for custom snap and
performance so you see more device and
less mouth you tree also features cord
doc a cord management system that allows
you to dock iphones ipods and many other
devices directly to your charge cables
even Bluetooth devices it also includes
a vent mount option which allows you to
mount devices away from the air flow of
the vent the brackets can be easily
shaped and optimized to company
virtually any device with OEM like snap
in action and a quick release that once
set can be used over and over even items
as thin as a credit card and can
accommodate other third-party functional
accessories without having to remove
them from your device it even works with
clip cases
yew tree may be the most versatile by
success were you ever owned
gives you all the benefits of in-vehicle
technology at a fraction of the cost it
fits your device your car your style how
you like it where you want it